[material-ui][docs] Audit and copyedit the v6 migration doc (#43073)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/upgrade-to-v6/upgrade-to-v6.md

This is fixed in v6, with the `aria-label` attribute being "0 Stars" when no value is set.

### useMediaQuery types

The following deprecated types are removed in v6:

- `MuiMediaQueryList`: use `MediaQueryList` (from lib.dom.d.ts) instead.
- `MuiMediaQueryListEvent`: use `MediaQueryListEvent` (from lib.dom.d.ts) instead.
- `MuiMediaQueryListListener`: use `(event: MediaQueryListEvent) => void` instead.

## Breaking changes affecting testing

### Ripple effect

The ripple effect's performance has been improved in v6.
Because of this, you might need to update tests involving components with the ripple effect.
If you are using `fireEvent` from `@testing-library/react` to simulate user interactions, you will need to wrap these inside `act` and `await` to avoid React warnings:

```diff
- fireEvent.click(button);
+ await act(async () => fireEvent.mouseDown(button));
```

The components affected by this change are:

- All buttons
- Checkbox
- Chip
- Radio Group
- Switch
- Tabs

## Stabilized APIs

### CssVarsProvider and extendTheme

The `CssVarsProvider` and `extendTheme` APIs are now stable.

> If you're already using them in v5 you can now drop the experimental prefix:

Reviewer: Should we point users to `ThemeProvider` instead?

Reviewer 2: Yes, although it is currently handled in https://github.com/mui/material-ui/pull/43130/files#diff-c55db4ddcf075fc8361b2c85811c886426a5eb61f6bcb1b70046009b2517ffc9R350, except for changing the proposed import which we should also do.

I'll coordinate with Jun so the final version points to `ThemeProvider`

Reviewer 2: Done in https://github.com/mui/material-ui/pull/43130/commits/c20365bf2ff4674022c9bff07d4125af13335e9a

You need to modify the import from `@mui/material/Unstable_Grid2` to `@mui/material/Grid2` before running the codemod.
:::

##### Using custom breakpoints

The usage described above also applies to custom breakpoints:

```diff
-<Grid mobile={12} mobileOffset={2} desktop={6} desktopOffset={4}>
+<Grid size={{ mobile: 12, desktop: 6 }} offset={{ mobile: 2, desktop: 4 }}>
```

You can use the same codemod for custom breakpoints by providing the breakpoints as an argument:

```bash
npx @mui/codemod@next v6.0.0/grid-v2-props <path/to/folder> --jscodeshift='--muiBreakpoints=mobile,desktop'
```

#### disableEqualOverflow prop removed

In v5, the Grid overflowed its parent.
In v6 the Grid is correctly contained within its parent's padding:

<img src="/static/material-ui/migration-v5/grid-overflow-change.png" style="width: 814px;" alt="Before and after of the Grid no longer overflowing its parent in v6." width="1628" height="400" />

This eliminates the need for the `disableEqualOverflow` prop:

```diff
-<Grid disableEqualOverflow>
+<Grid>
```

#### Grid item spacing change

In v5, Grid items included spacing in their boxes.

> In v6, Grid items no longer inclue spacing in their boxes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In v6, Grid items no longer include spacing in their boxes by using [CSS gap](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gap).
```

I think by mentioning CSS gap, a lot of developer will get it instantly.
